*: remove the limit on single column data size (#13949) (#13953) (#13956)
pingcap/docs: data-type-string.md

### `LONGTEXT` type

> <CustomContent platform="tidb">
> 
> The `LONGTEXT` type is similar to the [`TEXT` type](#text-type). The difference is that the maximum column length of `LONGTEXT` is 4,294,967,295. But due to the limitation of [`txn-entry-size-limit`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#txn-entry-size-limit-new-in-v50), the maximum storage size of a single row in TiDB is 6 MiB by default and can be increased to 120 MiB by changing the configuration.
> 
> </CustomContent>
> <CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">
> 
> The `LONGTEXT` type is similar to the [`TEXT` type](#text-type). The difference is that the maximum column length of `LONGTEXT` is 4,294,967,295. But due to the limitation of [`txn-entry-size-limit`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#txn-entry-size-limit-new-in-v50), the maximum storage size of a single row in TiDB is 6 MiB by default and can be increased to 120 MiB by changing the configuration.
> 
> </CustomContent>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LONGTEXT` type is similar to the [`TEXT` type](#text-type). The difference is that the maximum column length of `LONGTEXT` is 4,294,967,295. But due to the [Limitation on a single row in TiDB](/tidb-limitations.md#limitation-on-a-single-row), the maximum storage size of a single row in TiDB is 6 MB.
```

### `LONGBLOB` type

> <CustomContent platform="tidb">
> 
> The `LONGBLOB` type is similar to the [`BLOB` type](#blob-type). The difference is that the maximum column length of `LONGBLOB` is 4,294,967,295. But due to the limitation of [`txn-entry-size-limit`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#txn-entry-size-limit-new-in-v50), the maximum storage size of a single row in TiDB is 6 MiB by default and can be increased to 120 MiB by changing the configuration.
> 
> </CustomContent>
> <CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">
> 
> The `LONGBLOB` type is similar to the [`BLOB` type](#blob-type). The difference is that the maximum column length of `LONGBLOB` is 4,294,967,295. But due to the limitation of [`txn-entry-size-limit`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#txn-entry-size-limit-new-in-v50), the maximum storage size of a single row in TiDB is 6 MiB by default and can be increased to 120 MiB by changing the configuration.
> 
> </CustomContent>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LONGTEXT` type is similar to the [`TEXT` type](#text-type). The difference is that the maximum column length of `LONGTEXT` is 4,294,967,295. But due to the [Limitation on a single row in TiDB](/tidb-limitations.md#limitation-on-a-single-row), the maximum storage size of a single row in TiDB is 6 MB.
```
